ADC
LCD

Interrupts
Timers
PWM

Harvard VS. Von Neumann archictecture
    Harvard- 

Read data from Push button with GPIO

They will all apprear on midterm exam
and CRC

A microcontroller is a full funcitonal computer
    WHy do we need the explore 16 board?
    Because that chip is a computer why do we need t barod?
    ANS: To interface with other circuits. That board hosts other IO devices

    Q:What kind of computer? Cisc or RISC
    Ans: RISC has fewer instructions with a smaller chip. Save power, smaller dimensions you 
        want to ahve fewer instrcutions
        A comptuer is a device that automatically runs programs stored in memory

    Q: What two kinds of memories are there?
    Ans: Harvard seperates program and daata memory
        The data is not considered read only.
        Better if we seperate program and data memory.
        Microcontroller doesw not have luxuray to load program from another device
        You can't load from hard dfrive
        the program memory has to be non voltile

    Q: what do people use to make program memories. Another non volitle storage based on flash
        EER. Electronic erasable rom
        The old kind had to use a RV light to program the chip

What else --- GPIO----
Q: analog or digitia
    Digital and can be used for both input and output
    We have a tregister to store wherther ior not its input or output

    there is 16 bit register that controls the voltage from GPIO
    High or low voltage is controlle dby a register

    TRISA and PORTA
    -           -controls the pin
    -
    Controls input and output

    CPU sends data to IO register in 16 bit data each time



    The GPIO ports have 64 pins but we want it to be multifucntional
    Certian pins of PORTB can be used by the ADC as well
    More configuration register

Timers
    Device taht increases counts after certain amount of CPU cycles
        That amont is called prescalar
    Increases with ints only

    TImer can start from any nyumebr. 


Interrupts
    Allows the CPU to keep running without ignmoring IO resources
    When those things happend the CPI will interrupot and then handle that IO resource. 

    For example when the timer hits a value an interrupt flag will be raised to tell the
    CPU that the timer value is up

    We have a perioud register (PR1 - PR5)

    We have an _ISR_ keyword to trigger a function throught hte hardware. 
