logical FS

File organization module - Address translation in the storage model Takes a file name
    and basicall this guy puts out a physical a physical block again its a disk block address
    We keep calling these fellows disk blokc so we dont confuse with cache blokcs

    Starts out by saying its Drive 1, Cylinder 45, The disk might have multiple tracks so you have
        to pick a track like Track 4. And finally a sector like 422. 
        That sector finally gives you a piece of memory

    So this fello, this fellow, keeps what we call Meta Data. What does Meta mean to you guys
        In this case its data about the files. 

        So we have a FILE CONTROL BLock or an "iNode" in Unix.

        It stores the data about the files in a special file called a directory. The direcytory is a special file


Basic FS - Issuesd generic commands to device drivers "retrieve block 1245" (Disk)
IO Control


Device - Two primitive methods for how the handshake happens
    Poll method and Interrupt Driven


I/O Control - Device Drivers ISRs
            -Abstracts the device out with an "API" to do the job for you
            


So questions about htis. So you can imagine now ayour program says go read
    Finds teh file you need to access,
    Gets passed to basic file system, go do the read, 
    pass it to a device driver
    the driver gets the infomration back



So the kinds of things hackers try to do is try stuff until you fail and then they know when you fail
and break those stuff


Q: So this Metadata stuff where does it go?
A: A directory

Q: How does it organize it?
A: Hashing


----------ALLOCATION METHODS______---------------

How do you make the allocations?
Variabe size chunks with continuous allocations you have fragmentation problems

    I can have contiguus allocation
    
    --Linked access
        If I dont ahve contiguous allocatino you havew to keep a linked list to know where verything starts and ends
    
    --Indexed
        Looking for something it tells you where to go. When you searh for somthing it tells
        you whree to go find it

    
    --Bit Vector
        All you need to know is if a disk block is allocated or not allocated. And you can 
        put that information into a bit


You can have polled or interrupt driven method
    -Polled: Something that sits there and waits
            -Pros: Fast
            -Cons: Utillzation goes down
    -Interrupt: When there is a interrupt hit, it goes and gets the data
    

    Interface circuit
        -There are registers on both sides. When this guys key is hit there is a byte dumped into the
            register and then a flag is raised saying I just dilled it dont overwrite this

        Program has to do the setting. Hey I just gave you one and the dispay device sends it
        and asks for another one
        
         

---------------------INODE-------------------
How it works
    --It keeps a whole bnch of information about the file
    --It has pointers that say here is the block where that data is

    There are indirect blocks as well 

    Single and Double
    Single means you need two hops. Double menas you just have one hop



