Chapter 10 - Mass storage structure

    Disk, disk arm, tracks, sectors, cylinders. 
    -Transfer rate, position time, random access time, seek time
        and rotational latentcy.
    -Head crash

    Disk Strucutre
        Logical blocks- the smalles unit of transwer. usually 512 bytes
        
    Storage attachement
        Host attached storage - accessed through local IO ports
        Network attached storage

    Disk Scheduling
        Seek time and roational latency both factor in. As well as the bandwidth or the total transfered
            divided by the request to completion time. 
        FCFS = first come first served
        SSTF = shortest seek time first 
        SCAN = disk arm starts at one end and scans to the other end
            (Elevator algorithm)
        C-Scan scheduling = Circular scan 
        LOOK = Scan and CScan implemented with a look at the next request to see where it should move to next


    Disk Formatting
        Low level formating - usually done by manufacturer and fills teh disk with
            special data fro each sector
        ECC - Error correcting code which tells the user if the disk data has
            become corrupted. Counts the bits during read and write and compares

        Partitioning - before the OS can use the disk to hold files it needs to 
            record its own data structureso n the disk. It first partitions and then
            logically formats the data (creation of a file system)
        Clusters are used to incrase efficiency of file systems
        Boot block is ROM that is read when the system if first booted. 
        Bad blocks mean that the block is corrupt and can no longer be writtten to
            so whenever you want to assign to that block it has to go to a different
            block instead

    Swap-space management
        Low level task of OS. Goal is to provide best throughput to the memory
            systems
        Either with a seperate partition or with the normal file system


    RAID
        Data striping- splitting bits between multiple disks (bit level striping_
        Block level striping- Blocks of a file are striped 


Chapter 11 File System Interface
    A file is an abstract datya type defined and implemented by the OS. It si a sequence of logical records.
    A logical record may be a byte, a line,, or a omore complex daata item. The OS may specifically
    support various record types or may leave that support to the application program.

    Map logical file onto physical sotracge devices
    
    File operatings
        1. create
        2. write
        3. read
        4. reposition
        5. delete
        6. truncate
    Open FIle table - Keeps track of all the open files
        File poitner
        File open count
        Disk location of the file
        access rights

    File Access methods
        Sequential access
        Direct access

    Directory Overview
        Serach
        Crate
        Delete
        List
        Rename
        Traverse

        
Chapter 12. File system Structure
    File systems provide acces to the disk by allowing data to be stores, located and retreived easily
    YOu muyst define how the file system looks to the user. Create algos and data
    structures to organize the fiels. 

    IO control level consists of device drivers and interrupt handlers to transwer information
        between main memory and the disk system. A device driver can be thought of as as translator
        It inputs consists of high level commands and the output is low level hardware specific instructions
        used byt the controller to access the data

    The FCB file control block or (inode in linux) contains info about the file including
        ownership and prermissiona and location of the file contents. 

    Layering minimizes code rewrite for the file system

    -Boot control block - information needed by the OS to boot an OS fromthat volume. 
    -Volume control block - contains partition (volume) information such as size and blocks
        and size of the blocks and what not. (master file table or the superblock)
    -Directory stucture- Used to organize files
    -per file FCB - Contains data about files


    -Mount table to keep track of mounted volumes
    -Directory structure holds information on recently accessed directoryes
    -System wide open file tabl
    

    Directory Implementations
        1. Llinear List - easy to implement but doing anything takes a long time
            long to search for a file. You could keep it sorted but that complicates
            inserting and deleting files

        2. Hash Table - Takes the filename and returns a pointer to the file name
            in the linear list. Greatly decreas search time. 
            Have to avoid collisions in inserting and deleting
            Generally fixed size so you have to make a new table when you 
                overflow. Or you can do chaining but that slows things down

j
