What is it going to have?

MEMORY SUBSYSTEM - Chapters 8 and 9

Good?
What else do you want to know?

Q: Calculator?
A: Maybe Yes if you cannot do simple multiplications

Q: We don't have to worry about deadlocks and resource allocation graphs
A: No. It is only on memory subsystem

FINAL- Everythign is fair game

Q: 



5 Questions
-----------

        /\
       /  \
      /    \ Applications 
     /_____ \ Analysis 
    /        \ Recall
    ----------


Address binding

(Matrix thing will not be on the exam)


Q: HOw many pages can a frame hold
A: One page per frame all the time

Q: What is reentrant and preemptable
A: The code did not get modified when it ran- Reetrant

Reentrant:
    I ahve some memory. I took a page out and I put code for my ediotr
    Two users both poiunt to the same piece of code for the text segment
    Multiple process can use the same code. So basically the code is not keeping any state
    for each process. Each data is in their own data segment ubt nothing happens to the code
    I can have 50 edit jobs without more pages

        THIS IS REENTRANT CODE- most system utilites are made to be reentrant code

Preemption:
    Non preempteable example: Printer I can't yank it off once the resouce is allocated
    After you did an allocation of a resouce forom a process you can't take if off from the porcess
    I know you are executing I know you are not completed but I am going to cut you off because your
    time slice is up. 

    The OS needs to be able to store the state between the context switches fot eh resoursce allocation.

    You can go to a process and save its state and restore it later.
    


To reduce the extent of fragmenetation you can use segmenetation
    
    Through the porcesso f swappoing, swapped processes don't ocme back to the same memory address
        



Demand paging: Only get the page that we need right now

A page lives in ram if its frame dor in swap space if its not framed
moving betwee nswap space and memory
you cannot touch a page until its framed

Q: Can you go over a TLB example?





Page fault: Address goes to the page table and says do I have this or not. If I have it no page fault
    if I dont page fault. *Got* means its framed


In demand paging you dont have to frame all fo the pages you ahve for a process



